---
layout: topic
title: Boundary CFT
tags: [2D CFT]
---

Boundary Conformal Field Theory (BCFT) is a induced conformal field theory defined on a manifold with boundary. Though naively it is a theory with boundary, one impose boundary conditions and add boundary terms to the action. 

However, for general CFT without a lagrangian realization, we need a more general approach to define BCFT. 

## General Reviews on the topic 

There are some general review on the topic of BCFT. 

- [BCF and the Worldsheet Approach to D-Branes](/papers/0000-recknagel/) A comprehensive review on the topic of BCFT, yet it approach this topic from a string theory perspective and didn't quite focus on some of the more general aspects of BCFT.

There are some good reviews but mainly just copied from this book.

## Boundary State

To classify boundary conditions, Cardy uses the so-called boundary state, which is a state in the bulk Hilbert space, yet charaterizes the boundary condition. 

- [Boundary Conformal Field Theory](/papers/2008-cardy/) A review on the topic of BCFT, which focuses on the boundary state. However, personally I find this inregorous and unclear.

- [Boundary conditions, fusion rules and the Verlinde formula](/papers/1989-cardy/) Cardy's original paper on the boundary states. It focus on exactly classifying the boundary conditions of diagonal rational CFTs, and the boundary states are constructed using the modular S-matrix of the bulk CFT.

## Classifying algebra

For non-diagonal CFTs, its harder to fully characterize and classify the boundary conditions. Fuchs and Schweigert introduce the classifying algebra, which is a finite-dimensional algebra that controls the possible boundary conditions of a conformal field theory.

- [A classifying algebra for boundary conditions](/papers/1997-fuchs/) Fuchs and Schweigert's original paper on the classifying algebra. 


## Boundary Operators 

To have a complete BCFT one can introduce operators that live on the boundary. These operators have OPE structure themselves and with bulk operators. Cardy and Lewellen list out a series of sewing constraint and give out some of the solutions

- [Sewing Constraints for Conformal Field Theories on Surfaces with Boundaries](/papers/1992-lewellen/) This paper gives out a list of Sewing Constraints of OPE.

- [Bulk and Boundary Operators in Conformal Field Theory](/papers/1991-cardy/) This paper focus on Bulk Boundary OPE and 0 Point Boundary Structure Constant. 

For A series minimal model, Runkel gives out the following solution to above sewing constraints:

- [Boundary Structure Constants for the A-series Virasoro Minimal Models](/papers/1999-runkel/) 
